---
layout: post
title: Best student poster award at IAFPA 2022
---
I have recently been to the [summer school on complexity in speech production and perception](https://speechlabgroningen.nl/winterschool/) in Chorin and it was a lot of fun having a chance to talk to people that are doing similar or even completely different things! 
I think zoom etc. work well for a very purpose-driven exchange but just having a chat with other junior and established researchers is what I have been really lacking.
So thanks a lot for the organization!

The following week, we went on to [IAFPA2022](https://iafpa2022.ff.cuni.cz/) in Prague and had a great time there!
I hadn't known a lot about the fascinating world of forensic phonetics before that but I now know a little more about it.
And again, great people at the conference! The organizers also did a wonderful job at planning everything (I mean conference dinner on a boat going up and down the Vltava!?).
I also won best student poster award! It was awesome to see some people actually caring about what I do but the prize was a complete surprise to me, as visible in the picture. I had to run early to catch my train.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">🥳 Once again, we would like to congratulate Valeriia Perepelytsia and Raphael Werner on winning the best student awards! 🏆<br><br>🗣️ Also, huge thanks to all of you for being with us. We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did! ⛴️<br><br>🤳 More pics are coming soon! 📸 <a href="https://t.co/7GTlbAA6NB">pic.twitter.com/7GTlbAA6NB</a></p>&mdash; IAFPA 2022 (@iafpa2022) <a href="https://twitter.com/iafpa2022/status/1547651624188858370?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 14, 2022</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script> 

So again, wonderful events! Really looking forward for what's to come :) 
Also, I may have won something else earlier this year but I am waiting for something to happen first before I make an announcement here, so stay tuned!
